README.md, before:

# Landing Gear Control System (LGCS) – Coursework Repository

## Overview
This repository contains Python scripts and supporting artefacts developed as part of
the LGCS coursework assignment. The material supports requirements analysis, performance
evaluation, fault-handling studies, and presentation artefacts related to the Landing Gear
Control System.

All code in this repository is **academic and non-operational**. It is intended solely
for analysis, illustration, and assessment purposes.

---

## Repository Structure
The repository structure is intentionally minimal at this stage and will evolve as
artefacts are added during the coursework.

---

## Branch Naming Convention

Branches are named to reflect **intent and activity**.  
Requirement identifiers shall only be included when a branch directly targets those
requirements.

---

### 1. Branches Targeting a Single Requirement
Use this pattern when a branch directly implements, verifies, or analyses **one**
specific requirement.

req/<REQUIREMENT-ID>-<short-description>

makefile
Copy code

Example:
req/LGCS-FR001-deploy-function

yaml
Copy code

---

### 2. Branches Targeting Multiple Requirements
Use this pattern when a single change directly affects **multiple related requirements**.

req/<REQUIREMENT-ID-START>-<REQUIREMENT-ID-END>-<short-description>

makefile
Copy code

Example:
req/LGCS-SR001-002-altitude-sensor

yaml
Copy code

Only group requirements when the relationship is clear and defensible.

---

### 3. Branches Not Targeting Specific Requirements
When no direct requirement traceability exists, use a **task-based naming pattern**.

task/<short-description>

makefile
Copy code

Example:
task/add_script_header_template

yaml
Copy code

This pattern shall be used for:
- Tooling
- Documentation
- Refactoring
- Templates
- General repository improvements

---

### Avoid
Do **not** name branches after requirements unless they directly implement or verify them:

lgcs-fr001
feature/gear-deploy

yaml
Copy code

---

## Python Script Header Template

Each Python script shall include a **block comment header** describing its purpose,
scope, and traceability. The following template must be placed at the top of every
`.py` file in this repository.

```python
"""
Title: <Short descriptive title>
Author: <Your Name>
Date Created: <YYYY-MM-DD>
Last Modified: <YYYY-MM-DD>
Version: <e.g. 1.0>

Purpose:
Brief description of what the script does and why it exists.

Targeted Requirements:
- <Requirement ID>: <Short description>
(Use "None" if no direct requirement traceability exists.)

Scope and Limitations:
- Assumptions made in the model or analysis
- Known limitations or simplifications

Safety Notice:
This software is for academic and illustrative purposes only.
It is not flight-certified and must not be used in operational systems.

Dependencies:
- Python <version>
- External libraries (if any)

Related Documents:
- LGCS Requirements Specification
- Relevant appendix or system document
"""
If a script does not target a specific requirement, explicitly state:

python
Copy code
Targeted Requirements:
- None (supporting analysis or tooling only)

Commit message:

added safety & certification disclaimer, ensuring legal correctness

README.md, after:

# Landing Gear Control System (LGCS) – Coursework Repository

## Overview
This repository contains Python scripts and supporting artefacts developed as part of
the LGCS coursework assignment. The material supports requirements analysis, performance
evaluation, fault-handling studies, and presentation artefacts related to the Landing Gear
Control System.

All code in this repository is **academic and non-operational**. It is intended solely
for analysis, illustration, and assessment purposes.

---

## Repository Structure
The repository structure is intentionally minimal at this stage and will evolve as
artefacts are added during the coursework.

---

## Branch Naming Convention

Branches are named to reflect **intent and activity**.  
Requirement identifiers shall only be included when a branch directly targets those
requirements.

---

### 1. Branches Targeting a Single Requirement
Use this pattern when a branch directly implements, verifies, or analyses **one**
specific requirement.

req/<REQUIREMENT-ID>-<short-description>

makefile
Copy code

Example:
req/LGCS-FR001-deploy-function

yaml
Copy code

---

### 2. Branches Targeting Multiple Requirements
Use this pattern when a single change directly affects **multiple related requirements**.

req/<REQUIREMENT-ID-START>-<REQUIREMENT-ID-END>-<short-description>

makefile
Copy code

Example:
req/LGCS-SR001-002-altitude-sensor

yaml
Copy code

Only group requirements when the relationship is clear and defensible.

---

### 3. Branches Not Targeting Specific Requirements
When no direct requirement traceability exists, use a **task-based naming pattern**.

task/<short-description>

makefile
Copy code

Example:
task/add_script_header_template

yaml
Copy code

This pattern shall be used for:
- Tooling
- Documentation
- Refactoring
- Templates
- General repository improvements

---

### Avoid
Do **not** name branches after requirements unless they directly implement or verify them:

lgcs-fr001
feature/gear-deploy

yaml
Copy code

---

## Python Script Header Template

Each Python script shall include a **block comment header** describing its purpose,
scope, and traceability. The following template must be placed at the top of every
`.py` file in this repository.

```python
"""
Title: <Short descriptive title>
Author: <Your Name>
Date Created: <YYYY-MM-DD>
Last Modified: <YYYY-MM-DD>
Version: <e.g. 1.0>

Purpose:
Brief description of what the script does and why it exists.

Targeted Requirements:
- <Requirement ID>: <Short description>
(Use "None" if no direct requirement traceability exists.)

Scope and Limitations:
- Assumptions made in the model or analysis
- Known limitations or simplifications

Safety Notice:
This software is for academic and illustrative purposes only.
It is not flight-certified and must not be used in operational systems.

Dependencies:
- Python <version>
- External libraries (if any)

Related Documents:
- LGCS Requirements Specification
- Relevant appendix or system document
"""
If a script does not target a specific requirement, explicitly state:



Targeted Requirements:
- None (supporting analysis or tooling only)

Safety and Certification Disclaimer
All artefacts in this repository are produced for academic assessment purposes only.
They do not represent certified software and must not be used in real-world aviation
or safety-critical systems.
